Are you sure we can afford to be here?
This place looks expensive.
Come on, Sarah, you need to relax.
This guy ran into inviting me,
set at some fancy party for people in fashion.
But I'm just here for the drinking and dancing.
So cheers.
I know I seem beside myself lately and I'm sorry.
It's just everything with my brother
and no more talking about your brother tonight.
It's not your fault that he's in jail.
Drug-businessing for everybody.
Yeah, yeah, you're right.
Come on, it's time to dance.
Hey, one dance with me?
No, but go with me.
No, this is one dance, just don't do it.
I said, like, go, what's up?
The lady said, back off.
Fuck, Mr. Snyder, I just...
Let's re-face again and we'll spline your brains
across the wall, repeat it.
Okay, are you okay?